Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only throuh experinece of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inpired, and success achived. - Helen Keller

Character is like a three and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it, the three is the real thing. - Abraham lincoln

The issue for my  character, and the issue of the show is, how dirty do your feet have to get without suffocating yourself in the mud in order of what you really want done? - Bradley Whitford

The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character that is the goal of true education. - Martin Luther King. Jr

The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, fiath, love and loyalty. - zig ziglar

Ther can be no failure to a man who has not lost his courage, his character, his self respect, or his self confidence. He is still a King. - Orison Swett Marden

Our ability to handle life's challenges is a measure of out strength of character. - Les Brown

I believe in doin the right things, that is my character and personality. - Gianluigi Buffon

Great ambition is the passion of a great character. Those endowed with it may perform very good or very bad acts. All depends on the principles which direct them. - Napoleoon Bonaparte

For me, actiong comes straight from the heart. In that sense I don't act at all. I think that to feel the character's pain i have to be myself. Somewhere audiences see that. - Salman khan

Most people sy that it is the intellect which makes great scientist. They are wrong: it is character. - Albert Einstein

I'm a happy go lucky character. I'm not that miserable. But I can never let anyone into my world. - Noel Gallagher

People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is build. - Elanor Roosevelt

I find all of my performances come down to mathematics in a sensee how do you approach the problem of this character? Sometimes i crack that problem, sometimes i don't. - Brad Pitt 

My action follows my characters. if a character is a cop, you cannot be posing all the time, you cannot fly off the roof because it doesn't make any sense - it's not practical. - Donnie Yen

The resistance that you fight physically in the gym and the resistance that you fight in life can only build a strong character. - Arnold schwarzenegger

For me, with character, you start with the shoes. - Oscard Issac

Sometimes there is more exploration in the character for a villain. - Chris Hemsworth

Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. - Stevie Wonder

